alright everyone today I'm going to be
doing a review of the 15-inch macbook
pro with retina display now I've already
made a video going over some of the cons
of the 15-inch retina so today I'm going
to be focusing more on the positive
aspects of the notebook and try and go
into some of the reasoning why you would
want to get this laptop now the first
thing that's going to really stand out
for you is the retina display this has
this is the best display on the market
out right now I have yet to see any
other display being a 27-inch a 30 inch
or even something as like a good cell
phone display come even close to the
crispness and clarity that you're going
to get when you're looking at this at 28
80 x 1800 the pixels are so tightly
packed together you're not going to be
able to see any pixilation or gloria
blurriness whatsoever when you're using
safari for instance or applications that
have been optimized for the retina
display everything just comes out super
crisp really tight really nice and when
we get into the color saturation and
color gamut of the display you notice
your colors look rich deeper more
accurate and really um they really did a
good job also on toning down the glare
of it so when looking at the 15 inch
standard macbook pro the glass plate on
the front it basically makes the mirror
and it's really distracting and it's
really hard to focus on your content
when using the retina display because
it's kind of a semi-gloss kind of a look
to it so it's no more nearly as
reflected reflective as the 15-inch
macbook pro so they really did a good
job in terms of reducing the glare on
the screen now going into the physical
aspects of this computer you'll notice
that this is apple's thinnest pro level
apps
and Apple did a really good job of
making this a thin and light portable
pro machine for you on the side we have
our magsafe 2 connector and the reason
why Apple needed to go with the magsafe
2 is because um the chassis is so thin
and even compared to the macbook air
this chassis is a lot thinner than the
macbook air so that's the reasoning
behind magsafe 2 you have two
Thunderbolt ports and these are full
speed Thunderbolt ports so this friends
on the cactus Ridge Thunderbolt
controller and cactus Ridge allows about
40 gigabits of aggregate bandwidth going
through the channels and as a result
both Thunderbolt controllers or both
Thunderbolt ports are going to run at
full speed 20 gigabits per second for
each port so you're not going to have
any type of slow down as compared to USB
3 and speaking of USB 3 that is our
standard USB 3.0 port that gives you 5
gigabits of bandwidth going through it
and this is really good for high speed
drives or thumb drives that are coming
out that utilize this port so it's
really good for hurricane hooking up
external storage we have our combined
microphone in and headphone out analog
jack and this also supports spit if
optical out on the other side of the
notebook we have our standard SD card
slot that has really fascinated transfer
speeds HDMI as well as the USB 3 another
thing that should be noted about this
laptop is because it does have two
Thunderbolt ports as well as the hdmi
out you cannot got three external
displays to this laptop and still have
the built-in display
to your disposal so if you're doing a
lot of professional work if you want to
have one display used for your photoshop
palettes if you want to have another
display for final cut pro or adobe
premiere and you can have two more
displays for things such as your email
or Twitter account or miscellaneous
items that you'll be working on all at
the same time so because of the
expandability of the display output I
really think that this machine is really
geared towards Pro users when it comes
to the speed of this laptop there is a
noticeable difference in speed as well
now I compared to my 2.2 gigahertz
quad-core macbook pro and this is a two
point three gigahertz quad-core so I
compressed a 500 megabyte file or three
minute long quicktime clip and i can
press it down and the 2.2 big heart
model compressed it in the time of let
me double check in a time of 6 minutes
and 45 seconds and this laptop here
compressed the same file in five minutes
53 seconds so there's about the 52
second difference between the laptops
now 52 seconds is under a minute and it
may not seem like that much of a big
deal to you but if you are if you are
working with large raw files or large
video content and this is the machine
that you're using it with it's good to
know that over time it's going to speed
up your workflow and throughout the
course of the day you will be saving
time when working when working this as a
pro level machine and the SSD is really
fast I did a disk speed tests the black
magic and it just gave me an error but
when I did run the test earlier today i
noticed that it was topping out at about
three hundred fifty megabytes
for right speed and about 500 megabytes
of read speed contrasted to this one
which has a crucial m4 SSD the crucial
drive clocked in at about 200 60
megabytes for right and a little bit
over 500 megabytes for read so this is
still a very competitive laptop very
fast as a CD drive and even with eight
gigs of ram this does only have eight
gigs around you're still going to be
able to plow through most task in a very
quick and efficient manner so those are
just some of the pros the positive
points of this laptop it is still rather
expensive at twenty-three hundred
dollars however if you give it say a
year and a half or two years this is
going to be the standard laptop that's
in the market so PC manufacturers are
going to are going to catch up to this
technology and as a result of the
competition prices will go down and i
would say in about a year or two we can
expect this laptop the entry-level price
to be 1700 and that's much more
manageable so that's just my overall
review and impressions of the 15-inch
macbook pro alright that's about it
peace